AV-101448 - Documentation update all datasources (#328)
couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella: docs/data-sources/buckets.md

page_title: "couchbase-capella_buckets Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Bucket data source for Capella cluster
---

# couchbase-capella_buckets (Data Source)

Manages Bucket data source for Capella cluster

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_buckets" "existing_buckets" {
  organization_id = "aaaaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa"
  project_id      = "aaaaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa"
  cluster_id      = "aaaaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) ID of the Capella cluster
- `organization_id` (String) ID of the Capella tenant
- `project_id` (String) ID of the Caplla project

### Read-Only

> - `data` (Attributes List) Data of buckets in the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data` (Attributes List) The bucket data in the cluster. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
```
